README.md, before:

# wallpaper-changer
This is a set of scripts to change your wallpaper and save it to your pictures directory so that it can be recycled back as one of the pictures.

## init.sh
This script makes the wallpapers directory in your users pictures folder, then creates the cw and sw scripts which allow you to run them globally.

## wallpaper.sh
This script randomly chooses to download a wallpaper or chose one from your local list of wallpapers. If downloading a wallper is chosen it will download a wallpaper and set it. If choosing a wallpaper from your local list is chosen then it will try and find a wallpaper in the chosen category's directory, if one doesn't exist it will download one instead and set it.

## saveWallpaper.sh
This script saves the current wallpaper to the chosen category's directory.

## usage
Run `./init.sh` first as you may get errors when saving, or create the wallpapers directory in the pictures directory. You may have to supply a root password for the script to mv the cw and sw scripts into the bin directory.

Commit message:

Changed scripts to work with new unsplash API

README.md, after:

# wallpaper-changer
This is a set of scripts to change your wallpaper and save it to your pictures directory so that it can be recycled back as one of the pictures. Since unsplash is deprecating the open source.unsplash.com api, this script has be updated for the new api. To use the updated script an client ID is required, follow https://unsplash.com/documentation#creating-a-developer-account to get one

## init.sh
This script makes the wallpapers directory in your users pictures folder, then creates the cw and sw scripts which allow you to run them globally.
init.sh takes 2 paramenters the environment, and client ID. So far KDE and nitrogen are supported more will be supported soon. If the init.sh script fails please create the file clientID.txt in the same directory as the scripts to allow you to use the scipts. 

## wallpaper.sh
This script randomly chooses to download a wallpaper or chose one from your local list of wallpapers. If downloading a wallper is chosen it will download a wallpaper and set it. If choosing a wallpaper from your local list is chosen then it will try and find a wallpaper in the chosen category's directory, if one doesn't exist it will download one instead and set it.

## saveWallpaper.sh
This script saves the current wallpaper to the chosen category's directory.

## usage
Run `./init.sh` with the parameters first as you may get errors when saving, or create the wallpapers directory in the pictures directory. You may have to supply a root password for the script to mv the cw and sw scripts into the bin directory.
